# python-api-challenge
Repo for Chris Kilkes' Week 6 / Module 6 Python APIs challenge - Chris Kilkes 04/01/24 @ 11:19 am PST What the project does: Weather and Vacation analyses use open API access (Geopify and OpenWeather specifically) to determine the weather in top global cities by conditions, specifically looking at attributes such as Wind Speed, Humidity and Maximum Temperature. The 2nd analysis, vacation py uses this weather data to find and plot the top hotels globally by the various attributes all in the interest of helping users better plan their vacations. Looking for a warm and tropical vacation? Use the two combined analyses to find exactly the right vacation spot perfect for you. Why the project is useful: Overlays weather and hotel locations on a global map allowing vacation planners to customize their vacation plans to their preferred vacation experience. Cold and dry. Hot and tropical. Whatever the weather condition you want or prefer these analyses can help you best plan the ideal vacation for you! How users can get started with the project: Download, run analysis and evaluate results for self. Resources used for building Pandas project include multiple sources such as: The biggest influence on this challenge has been the work with APIs and charting conducted as part of team project #1, in which my team and I used the Spotify API to source data for our global analysis. This project accesses both the OpenWeather and Geopify APIs in a similar manner, providing the data for analysis. And as usual I referenced official Bootcamp course material and documentation; instructor teaching (classes & shared resources), aid from fellow students, Google Search, StackOverflow, as well as support and guidance from the Xpert Learning Assistant and ChatGPT.
